add documentation regarding pandas (#431)
PyFPDF/fpdf2: docs/Maths.md

## Charts ##

### Using Matplotlib ###

> Before run this example, please install required dependencies following below command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running this example, please install the required dependencies using teh command below:
```

Author: Thanks for updating, sorry for my bad english

Reviewer: No worry!
I'm not a native English speaker neither 😊

pdf = FPDF()
pdf.add_page()

> pdf.image(img, w=pdf.epw)  # Make the image full width

Reviewer: 👍

![](matplotlib.png)

### Using Pandas ###

> Create a plot using [pandas.DataFrame.plot](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.plot.html)

Reviewer: Could you mention the dependencies required / command to install them please?
```
pip install matplotlib pandas
```

Author: No problem, just add this in current commit

```python

> from fpdf import FPDF

Reviewer: Could you auto-format this code with `black` code formatter please?
This would make the code style more consistent in the docs 🙂
If ever you don't manage to it, I'm OK to do it after the PR is merged

Author: Sure, I will check with black code formatter

import pandas as pd
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import io

data = {'Unemployment_Rate': [6.1,5.8,5.7,5.7,5.8,5.6,5.5,5.3,5.2,5.2],
        'Stock_Index_Price': [1500,1520,1525,1523,1515,1540,1545,1560,1555,1565]
       }

> plt.figure() # Store figure

Reviewer: What do you mean by "Store" here?

Author: I think it little bit ambiguous, so I change the comment with 
`# Create a new figure object`

Reviewer: Perfect!

df = pd.DataFrame(data,columns=['Unemployment_Rate','Stock_Index_Price'])
df.plot(x ='Unemployment_Rate', y='Stock_Index_Price', kind = 'scatter')

# Converting Figure to an image:
img_buf = io.BytesIO() # Create image object
plt.savefig(img_buf, dpi=200) # Save the image

pdf = FPDF()
pdf.add_page()

> pdf.image(img_buf, w=pdf.epw)

Reviewer: Following some users feedback, I realized that `.epw` is a bit of a jargon acronym,
and that its meaning is not really not obvious.
Hence, could you please add a comment on this line like `# full width` ?
This applies to any other usage of `.epw` on this documentation page 🙂

Author: No problem, I will add this comment to other `.epw`

pdf.output("pandas.pdf")
img_buf.close()
```

Result:

![](chart-pandas.PNG)

Create a table with pandas dataframe
```python
from fpdf import FPDF
import pandas as pd

df = pd.DataFrame(
    {
        "First name": ["Jules", "Mary", "Carlson", "Lucas"],
        "Last name": ["Smith", "Ramos", "Banks", "Cimon"],
        "Age": [34, 45, 19, 31],
        "City": ["San Juan", "Orlando", "Los Angeles", "Saint-Mahturin-sur-Loire"],
    }
)

> df=df.applymap(str) #Convert all data inside dataframe into string type 

Reviewer: Same remark regarding code style & `black`

columns = [list(df)] # Get list of dataframe columns
rows =  df.values.tolist() # Get list of dataframe rows
data = columns + rows # Combine columns and rows in one list 

# Start pdf creating
pdf = FPDF()
pdf.add_page()
pdf.set_font("Times", size=10)
line_height = pdf.font_size * 2.5
col_width = pdf.epw / 4  # distribute content evenly

for row in data:
    for datum in row:
        pdf.multi_cell(col_width, line_height, datum, 

>         border=1,new_x="RIGHT", new_y="TOP", max_line_height=pdf.font_size)

Reviewer: Here `new_x` value is the default value and can be omitted.
